chore: add wizard page template docs (#3601)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/page-templates/wizard/index.mdx

  code={DefaultWizardWithContentExample}
/>

#### Page header

At the top of each page of the Wizard, add:
- Wizard title as [Detail Text](/components/detail-text) (optional)
- Task [Heading](/components/heading)
- [Paragraph](/components/paragraph) text under the heading to explain the step (optional)

#### Body

Use the [Form](/components/form) component to set spacing between form elements.

There may be cases where you need to show multiple tasks on the same page because customers need to reference them at the same time. If this is the case, use a stylized ordered list (coming soon!) to group tasks.

<StoryPreview
  title="Wizard page template - default ordered list"
  storyID="website-pagetemplateexamples--default-wizard-ordered-list-example"
  code={DefaultWizardOrderedListExample}
/>

<Callout variant='neutral' marginY="space70">
  <CalloutHeading as="h2">Looking for guidelines on progressive disclosures?</CalloutHeading>
  <CalloutText>We don’t have guidelines yet for this part of Wizard. If you need it for your work, please consider partnering with us to contribute it.</CalloutText>
</Callout>

#### Actions footer

> Use the [Form](/components/form) component to set spacing between form actions and form elements.

Reviewer: todo: remove this sentence.

whoopsie, we can't use Form to right-align actions lol

Use these actions in the footer, starting from the right side of the page:

> - A primary, right-aligned next [Button](/components/button) to let a customer move to the next task. The Button is right-aligned to signal that the flow is moving forward. If there are more tasks, use the word “Next” followed by [ArrowForwardIcon](/components/icon). If the customer is on the last task, the Button should indicate they are finishing the goal. Don’t include the arrow icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A primary, right-aligned next [Button](/components/button) to let a customer move to the next task. The Button is right-aligned to signal that the flow is moving forward. If there are more tasks, use the word “Next” followed by [ArrowForwardIcon](/components/icon). If the customer is on the last task, the Button should indicate they are finishing the goal, and not include the arrow icon.
```

  code={WizardFullPageExample}
/>

Use the full-page Wizard template when it’s absolutely critical that a customer remains focused to finish the task.

If your app allows it, load the Wizard without a Sidebar, and replace the content in the Topbar with:

- The Wizard title as a left-aligned [Heading](/components/heading)
- A secondary, right-aligned Button with the word “Cancel” if customers can’t save their progress, or “Close” if they can. Follow the [confirmation pattern](/patterns/confirmation) for guidance on how to ask a customer to confirm that they want to leave a Wizard or save their progress.

If your app doesn’t allow loading a page without the navigation frame, [collapse the Sidebar](/components/sidebar#compact-push-sidebar) and follow the [default Wizard template](#default-template).

#### Page header

At the top of the page, add the Task [Heading](/components/heading) and if needed, [Paragraph](/components/paragraph) text under the heading to explain the step.

#### Body

Follow the [default Wizard template](#default-template).

#### Actions footer

Follow the [default Wizard template](#default-template), but don’t include a close button in the footer.

> ### Using Progress Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### When to use Progress Steps
```

> ### Using Progress Steps
> 
> Only use [Progress Steps](/components/progress-steps) when necessary. Some scenarios include when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### When to use Progress Steps

Only use [Progress Steps](/components/progress-steps) when necessary. Some scenarios include:
```

> ### Using Progress Steps
> 
> Only use [Progress Steps](/components/progress-steps) when necessary. Some scenarios include when:
> 
> - A customer needs to return to previous steps, especially across multiple sessions.
> - A goal takes a long time to finish.
> - A customer is trying a feature out or going through more of an exploratory flow. Progress Steps can help them understand if they want to complete the steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### When to use Progress Steps

Only use [Progress Steps](/components/progress-steps) when necessary. Some scenarios include:

- A customer needs to return to previous steps, especially across multiple sessions.
- A goal takes a long time to finish.
- A customer is trying a feature out or going through an exploratory flow. Progress Steps can help them understand if they want to complete the steps.
```

If the customer’s journey through a Wizard is relatively linear, continuous, and short, don’t use Progress Steps.

When in doubt, start by not using Progress Steps, and add it in once it’s clear the experience suffers without it.

<Callout variant='neutral' marginY="space70">
  <CalloutHeading as="h2">Research insight</CalloutHeading>
  <CalloutText><Anchor href="https://designnotes.blog.gov.uk/2014/07/07/do-less-problems-as-shared-spaces/">Research from GOV.UK</Anchor> showed that their users were actually getting confused and intimidated when seeing their progress indicator. They found that completion rates, time-to-completion, and total amount of online applications were unaffected after removing their progress bar from their services.</CalloutText>
</Callout>

Match Progress Steps labels to task headings for each page. If you need to use Progress Steps and there’s forking logic in the flow, hide Progress Steps until there’s a single path forward, or make the step labels generic enough to cover all variants of a task.

#### With the default template

Place Progress Steps above the Wizard title.

<StoryPreview
  title="Wizard page template - default header with progress steps"

>   storyID="website-pagetemplateexamples--wizard-deafult-header-with-progress-steps-example"

Author: goooood catch

  code={WizardDefaultHeaderWithProgressStepsExample}
  height="420px"
/>

#### With the full-page template

Center Progress Steps in the Topbar.

<StoryPreview
  title="Wizard page template - full page header with progress steps"
  storyID="website-pagetemplateexamples--wizard-full-page-header-with-progress-steps-example"
  code={WizardFullPageHeaderWithProgressStepsExample}
  height="150px"
/>

## Starter kits

#### CodeSandbox

Coming soon

#### Figma

> Add the “[Paste Patterns & Templates](https://www.figma.com/file/S4z0Kqjb9AYosnkRQldLte/Paste-Patterns-%26-Templates?type=design&node-id=367-27339&mode=design&t=dC1B5k0lVIB0JIuX-0)” library to your file.

Reviewer: chore: Let's just remove this since the coded examples are prob enough, and Figma's the same for every template.
